Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[DIGITAL SOUNDS]
DIRECTOR:All right. Sir
Jackalot.
if you were making a filmabout
WallStreetBets.
what's the story to you?
- [SIGHS]
I think the story is abouta
group of idiots.
a very large group of idiots.
who just got fed upwith the
world.
got fedup with being told
go to college.get a job. make a
living.
Frankly.that's just not
realistic
for our generation.
You know.it is really
frustrating.
The boomers.they think we're
lazy.
You know the whole term.
pull up your bootstrapsand work
hard
and you get the same lifethat
they had?
No.
The world is very.very
different these days.
Hell. the next pandemicin 2025
might wipe us all out anyways.
I ain't got timeto wait for
retirement.
You got to will itinto
existence.
Life's just not fair.The world
is a harsh place
and the stock market was
justthe purest form of YOLO.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
REPORTER: Stocks up againthis
morning. 12%.
Short sellerscontinue to get
hurt
by the thread WallStreetBets
and other retail--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
REPORTER: All this whiningby
Wall Street.
it's making me sick.
REPORTER: This is
populismcoming for capitalism.
GameStop.
MATT KELLY: On surface.I can be
pretty scattered.
In the water. though.it's
calming for me.
because you're seeing out ofa
little hole. right.
and everything is quiet.
You hear your bubbles.You hear
breathing.
And you just hear the
wateraround you. right?
I don't give a shitabout risk.
[LAUGHS]
[EXPLOSION]
I was deployed tothe Middle
East.
We were doing
anti-terrorismforce protection.
so looking forunderwater IEDs.
things like that.
I found outI had a brain
injury.
So basically. I havea cyst on
my brain
that was expanding and
contracting during allmy dives
all the time.
And I didn't know that.
Nobody knew that. right.until I
lost consciousness.
And things kind of startedto go
south
for me after that.
like just like kind
ofdeteriorating mentally.
I was having troubledoing
anything. you know.
And then I was drinkinglike a
fish to kind of--
right. that makes itbetter or
worse.
[LAUGHS]
REPORTER: --experts
reportedlyfound a new
coronavirus
that traces backto the outbreak
that we are seeing in Wuhan.
CHRIS GARCIA:I had just
actually bought
the family businessfrom my dad.
I purchased GSP Studio.which is
Garcia's School
andSports Photography.
- Smile at the camera.
CHRIS GARCIA:I was looking
forward to 2020
and beyond with the business.
Our spring season is justabout
to kick off. right?
School pictures.baseball
picture day.
softball picture day.And you
know. March hits.
REPORTER: Wall Street.
and there are fearsthat the DOW
will drop.
and drop quickly.We're already
seeing that.
REPORTER: More than 20%.
CHRIS GARCIA:I remember.
literally.
on a Friday night.
I'm preparing for a
baseballshoot the next morning.
And 8 o'clock atnight.
I get that phone call.
Hey. we gotto cancel the shoot.
And it's like domino effect.The
next thing I know.
like my entire spring is gone.
REPORTER: America has passedthe
grim milestone.
REPORTER:They are saying we are
on the vergeof a medical
disaster.
[CLANGING]
REPORTER:Millions of Americans
are sheltering at home.with the
nation's economy
almost at a virtualstandstill.
- My mother wasa tax
accountant.
So my whole life it was
like.you got to save money.
Got to save money.Got
to save money.which means I
didn't.
[LAUGHS]
I don't havea savings account.
I have a little bit.but for all
the years
I've been alive.it should be
more.
So I make enough moneyto pay my
rent.
but when everything went away
it's kind of likemy rent still
is due
but I'm on unemployment.
and the numbersjust didn't add
up.
Reality hit a little bit.and I
was like.
OK. like we need
to figure out a wayto save some
money
and make some money.
And that's whenI got into
investing.
because Iwas just trying to
figure out
how to makesome money back. so.
REPORTER:Late last night the
Senate
passed a $2 trillionstimulus
package that will--
REPORTER: Biggest bailoutin
American history.
REPORTER: Economic activity.
REPORTER:Close their
businesses.
staying home from work.
MAN (ON VIDEO GAME):Primary
objective complete.
CHRIS GARCIA:I got really good
at "Call of Duty" in April.
Shoot. I even caught
myselfwatching novelas at one
point.
you know.
just to pass the time. dude.
I was like. oh my god.Catrina.
what did you do?
I didn't know what to do.
You know. Iwent from working.
owning a business.working 60.
70. 80 hours a weekto I can't
do anything.
And I thought. at the time.
I had little extra moneyin the
savings account.
So I thought. it's justsitting
there in
the savings account.
Let me see what it can doon the
market.
Maybe if I'm smart.pull a
Warren Buffett move.
it'll take its timebut I'll get
some winners.
You never know untilyou play
the game. right?
MATT KELLY:We had $1.000 to our
name.
We were behind on rent.
My car had justgotten
repossessed.
I'm also working on
getting my VA disabilityback
pay from 2015.
Literally. two weeksafter I did
that.
$100.000 shows up in my
bankaccount.
and my jaw hits the floor.
My wife and I are like.this is
life-changing.
I'm already on Redditlooking
at.
how do I invest a windfall?
You know. you read 50.100
comments
and you takelike the most
common one--
"open a Roth IRA.""pay off your
vehicles."
"put the remainder of itin a
Vanguard
total market fund." right?
At this point. I had
neverinvested anything. ever.
- So I was spending every day
just kind oflooking at numbers
and seeing portfolioson the
phone.
And it's like.OK. so Airbnb is.
like. $176.
Under Armour is $17.
And I'm looking at thesethings
and I'm like.
well. what can Istart investing
in?
MATT KELLY:I was on Reddit
looking atall these different
things.
and then I started comingacross
WallStreetBets.
[TYPING NOISE]
- So I'm on Reddit and it'slike
r/WallStreetBets.
like the slash.
And I'm like. well.what's
WallStreetBets?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
MAN:Dear viewer. do you money?
Do you like money?Does your
money like money?
Does your money want to
makesweet lovins with other
money
and have beautifulmoney babies?
Do you haveinvestment accounts
you don't
understand or pay attention
to becauseyour meaningless desk
job
is all the excitementyou need?
Or are you atrader?
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
MATT KELLY:I loved the
sentiment
of WallStreetBets.I loved it.
I was like.these guys are
fucking nuts.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
MAN: In a small.exceptionally
unhelpful.
and irreverent cornerof the
internet.
therein lies a battalionof
nihilistic
meme lords
who discuss their positionsand
strategies.
speculate and argueover the
markets moving.
and provide sage advice
to the humble stock trader
who just so happens to
stumbleupon this fine
community.
(SINGING) WallStreetBets.
- Hello.I am the Sir Jackalot.
I'm here wearing a maskbecause
I'm a millionaire.
and I would like to
stayanonymous.
MATT KELLY:I started telling my
friends.
I'm like. dude.this is a crazy
subreddit.
I mean. guys are making
money.They're also
going broke.So if you like
risk--[LAUGHS]
- I saw all the people
postinglike million dollar
gains
over the last year.I was like
this sounds
like my kind of place.
CHRIS GARCIA: You would seethe
success stories of dudes
who made a random call andthey
came out with 100 grand.
- Nice. Well. he's goingto get
fucked on taxes.
Have fun with that.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
WOMAN: A fucking bros'
club.which was kind of fun.
- I said words on there thatI
would never say in public.
- And I'm hearing about likeall
these different lingos
that are kind of fun.
I'm like. ooh. diamond hands.
like paper hands.Like. I'm a
bro now.
- The whole joke is.
like.diamond hands.
You just have to notreally
treat it like money.
And that's when I took350K.
and I just like YOLO'dthe fuck
out of it.
SIR JACKALOT:If you're like me.
you're watching every minuteof
your favorite stock
during the day.You want to be
able to be
with your people.
all screaming in terrorif
something falls.
The stocks are going to go up.
They're also going to go down.
The important thingis just hold
on.
SIR JACKALOT:I got the memes.
I'm. like.put in rocket emojis
when you thinkyou're going to
be rich.
Ape alone. weak.
Apetogether. strong.
[LAUGHS]It's so true.
MIKEYMILLIONS:The ape is
the unsophisticated
investor.You can go to
WallStreetBets.
tell them thatyou're going to
buy shares
of a dying company.
and you willreceive accolades.
KIRSTEN:At this point. I really
still
had not a single amountof
technical analysis
or able to doanything like that
in the stock market.
But I knew. you know.buy low.
sell high.
My name is Kirsten.and I am
Stonk Queen.
WOMAN: So I'm learningall these
different things.
and it's like. buy AMC.Buy
BlackBerry.
Buy Bed. Bath. & Beyond.
And it's popping.
MATT KELLY: A lot of theseguys
are investing in NEO.
and that wasthe first stock I
bought.
and it went up to. like. $50.
AndI'm like. oh. shit.
I just made a bunchof money on
that.
And then it went down.
And then I was. like. sick.
I was like. I don't knowwhat
the fuck I'm doing.
I'm an idiot.And then it went
back up.
I'm like. oh.I'm a genius.
- [ROARS]
SIR JACKALOT: Everywhere elseon
the internet.
people are tryingto be their
best self.
But on WallStreetBets.
we just acknowledge.like. we're
just all idiots.
[TYPING]
STOCK EXPERT:WallStreetBets
came
on our radar.
and we first startedto talk
about it
with Teslain the summer of
2020.
WallStreetBets would makea meme
or a joke
about somethingthat was
happening.
Papa Elon on a rocketto the
moon.
and Tesla's goingto $7.000 a
share. right?
And the stockwould start to go
up
as everyone jumped on board.
That was the first real sign
that the retail marketwas
having impact in a stock.
- Well. thank youall very much.
It's a very important day.
I'll sign the single
biggesteconomic relief package
in American history.
and I must say. or anyother
package. by the way.
STOCK EXPERT:Back in March of
2020.
the market was crashing.and the
amount of money
that the Federal Reservecame
with
blew away anythingthat they had
ever provided.
They gave more money in
2020than they had in 2008
all the way up to 2020.
They just floodedthe market
with cash
and support to everybody.
[APPLAUSE]
REPORTER: The latest roundof
stimulus checks
already starting to show upin
bank accounts.
REPORTER: The stimulus
checksare coming.
So the question now is.
what'sthe best thing to do with
it?
STOCK EXPERT: The idea wasthat
the Federal Reserve
is providingso much stimulus.
There's these giantloan
programs.
There's all of thismoney
flooding in.
And a lot of peoplewere sitting
at home
with nothing to do.
and the stock marketwas open.
They had a checkin their
pocket.
and we're all backedby the
Federal Reserve.
So you know.
let's invest.
Let's trade.
[LIGHTS TURNING ON]
- You ever thinkabout trading
stocks?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Robinhood lets you tradestocks
with zero commission.
That's right.commission-free.
- Robinhood. making it easy
for the average investorand
stuff.
So cool. you know.because
granted. like nothing
against Charles Schwabor any of
these other ones.
but they just look likemy
father should be there.
not me.
- It couldn't be easierto make
a trade
using the Robinhood app.I just
bought some stock.
[LIGHTS TURNING OFF]
- The user interfaceis idiot
proof.
Example A right here.It makes
it fun. too.
Like when you putmoney in or
you
sell a stock. confetti falls.It
feels you're at a casino.
- This is the first timein
history
that somebody witha very small
amount of money
can go get involved in thestock
market.
however they want to.
No account minimums.There's no
commissions.
You have absolutefreedom.
You can get approvedfor stock
options
trading with $200in your
account.
That is unheard of beforethings
like Robinhood.
- You want to know
whatdisruption really looks
like?
Well. you're looking at it.As
of today. 10 million people
have accounts at Robinhood.
REPORTER: The CEO ofRobinhood.
Vlad Tenev.
- Vlad Tenev.
- Vlad Tenev. who's the coCEOof
Robinhood.
STOCK EXPERT: In 90 days.they
went from the 300
most downloaded app onthe App
Store to number one.
- We believe that the
morepeople that have access
to the markets and can
startinvesting earlier.
the better offour economy will
be.
- So suddenly. instead
oflooking at TikTok and YouTube
and Instagram. people
arelooking at Robinhood's
trading application.
- I have a little bitof
addictive personality.
Sober-- we can go there.It's
not a secret.
So it became. like.
my fucking thing.
CHRIS GARCIA:You start making
money.
and all of a sudden.you start
seeing your account
just boom.boom. boom. boom.
boom. And you get hooked.real
quick and real fast.
- It did feel a little bitlike
a game.
And again. I'm a gamer.
And when I started
withRobinhood. the first
stock--
they give you a free stock.
I guess. ironically.mine was
GameStop.
which I was very. very upsetand
offended by
at the time.
DIRECTOR: Scoot over 1 inchto
your right. Alvan?
There you go.
And just real quick.tell me
what is JeffAmazon?
What isthat name?
How did you come up with it?
- Yeah. JeffAmazon was reallyan
experiment. for me.
to figure out if I couldcreate
an online persona
that was sogood at trading
that it would be interviewedin
a documentary.
And it turned out to be true.
[LAUGHS]
There are alwaysmany different
forces
in the stock market.
So I guess if you couldimagine
a boat in the ocean.
there's currents pushingagainst
you.
There may be people
paddling.Maybe if you have a
sail.
the wind can helpyou out.
But whichever forceis the
strongest.
that's the onethat matters the
most.
[WAVES CRASHING]
My game is asymmetricbetting--
the ability to put ina small
amount of capital
and to receive anextremely
large return.
between 10 to 100to 1.000 times
returns.
So what this meansis kind of
spotting bubbles.
You have to basically
assessevery single possible
data
point that exists.everything
from interest rates
to retail sentiment.
I was looking intothese
opportunities.
and I thinkI had found one.
GameStop jumped double digit
percentages one random weekin
September.
And I thought. wow.what's going
on with GameStop?
GameStop is a brickand mortar
retail store
that basically sellsconsole
games.
It was a company that was
runfairly poorly.
COMMENTATOR: It's kind ofa
failing company.
It's like you canalmost compare
it
to Blockbuster Video.
Their business model isnot
really the best.
ALVAN CHOW: I still thoughtthat
this was a dying
brick and mortar store.
People are definitelygoing to
go digital.
But I looked into it
and looked at everything onthe
internet about GameStop.
and Roaring Kittywas one of
them.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
- Yo. what up. everybody?
This is going to be the
firstvideo of the Kitty Corner.
And the market has kind
offorced my hand on this one.
The first stock that I'm
goingto talk about is GameStop.
And I know it's a
polarizingstock.
Some people won't even tuneinto
the stream right now
when they hear thatI'm bullish
on GameStop.
ALVAN CHOW: I thought he wasone
of these crazy guys.
with a cat as a logo.
and there's nothingabout his
background.
But I figured out thathe was
also
an extremely prudent.
responsible.knowledgeable
investor.
- GameStop is the only brickand
mortar store
dedicated to gaming.
Suppose over the next
year.management
can craft a narrativethat
carves out a 2%
share of that rapidly
growing$150 billion gaming
industry.
One of themost exciting--
KIRSTEN: I fully
understoodwhere he was coming
from.
because I mean. it wasactually
technical analysis.
in my opinion.
but it was just
totallydifferent type of
analysis
on trades than the typicalsuits
were looking at.
- I actually went on oneof
Roaring Kitty's streams
and just started doinga lot
more research.
And then Ryan Cohen
announced his stake of 9%.
Ryan Cohen isthe founder of
Chewy.
It's the only companythat went
head to
head with Amazonand just ate
their lunch.
- This dude knows his shitin
the e-commerce world.
He does kind of seem likehe's
forward-thinking.
ALVAN CHOW:After that. I was
just in
fullinformation-gathering mode.
KEITH GILL:Hey. JeffAmazon.
Welcome back. Jeff.Welcome
back.
ALVAN CHOW:We were just getting
to
really know the company.
- There's so muchnegative
commentary.
I just thinkthat this sentiment
is so negativethat it's
overdone.
That's what I'm trying
to get at in this section.
MATT KELLY:I saw a post
from Michael Burry.I knew who
Michael Burry was.
I've seen "The Big Short."There
was an article
about him investingin GameStop.
I can see whypeople think
GameStop
is going to goout of business.
Like it makes sense
that they're goingout of
business.
but they seemto be making some
plays.
ALVAN CHOW:And then I just
noticed
this extremelyastounding
figure.
the 140%short interest figure.
SIR JACKALOT: 140%
shortinterest ratio on one
stock.
That means there are moreshorts
than shares that exist.
[LAUGHS]
All the shares outstanding
for the companywere basically
shorted.
which is absurdand
unprecedented.
ALVAN CHOW:So I tried to look
for a historical precedenton
what would happen
if somethingwas over 100%
shorted.
but there was nothing.
STOCK EXPERT:When you sell
stocks short.
you're betting that the
marketis going to go down.
And if you're wrong.the stock
can go up against youvery
sharply.
and you have to close
thatposition. usually at a
loss.
So you can see guyson
WallStreetBets
who knew what they were doing.
These guys are smart.They
understand.
OK. we can get leverageon this
thing. right?
I know that if we
gathertogether.
there's a point here at whichwe
can really push
against hedge funds enoughto
force them to cover.
We can force the market.
We can forcethis stock higher.
- All these short sellersbuying
back their position
drives the stock higher
and squeezing outall the short
players
from the market.That's a short
squeeze.
- You've got to bereally greedy
to keep shorting GameStop
when it was at like $6a share
or something.
Because that means if
you'reshorting at $6 a share.
you're only profitingif it goes
below $6.
It was a post by JeffAmazon.
where he kind of laid outthe
GameStop thesis.
- I wrote this post called
"The Greatest Short Burnof the
Century."
My brother. who's an actor.is
going to come
and read it for me
because it's too cringyfor me
to do it myself.
- What's up.
gamblers?JeffAmazon here.
Feel bad about missingthe gain
train on Tesla?
Fear not. Somethingmuch
greater.
and stupider. is here.You know
Citadel.
the market makerthat took all
our money today?
Now we finally
won't be at the mercyof the
market makers.
Instead. we're going
totemporarily join forces
with the galactic empireand
hijack the death star.
Our choice ofweapon. GameStop.
GameStop. Three big thingswill
cause this--
Ryan Cohen.retail option
buying.
and marketmakers like Citadel.
It looks like this.
Retail Robinhooders buya ton of
call options.
This will force market makersto
buy shares.
increasing the priceeven more.
Retail investors buyeven more
options. again.
forcing the market makersto
purchase more shares.
pressuring shorts to close.
Institutional investorswill
catch wind and join in.
GME heads to $400
and we cash out.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
This one is specialbecause we
have math
and great underlying news.To be
clear. this will happen
whether ornot we participate.
but I prefer usto be a part of
history.
- It was a verycompelling
thesis.
I had never seensomething like
this before.
And you know.I'm no stranger to
something calleda short
squeeze.
where all these shorts.
they've got to coveron top of
each other.
and you know.
the price shoots to the moon.
But at the same time. it
alsohad a huge downside. right?
- GameStop announced today
it's closinghundreds of stores.
REPORTER:GameStop. the biggest
video gameretailer in the
world.
announced today that it
willclose up to 200 stores
by the end of the year.
- That's pretty sad.- Like. it
could go bankrupt.
That was alwayskind of the bear
case.
MATT KELLY: My hunches
keptgetting confirmed.
a little bit at a time.
Most of my friends I wastelling
about it thought I was
crazy.I was telling my friends
who've been investedin a long
time.
Like look. this is--I can
barely explain it.
I sound like I'm some
QAnoninsane person.
I'm like. yeah.there's this
guy. Ryan Cohen.
who's like doing thisand that.
And the shorting. I don't
evenknow if that means.
but that's what is
happening.And they're like.
dude.
you know.
I go to my wife and I'm like.
hey. I really think this
couldgo up to like 50 bucks or
so.
It's at like $13 now.
I thinkthat's like a given.
I think that will happenfor
sure.
I mean. maybe even $100.That
would be insane.
I think I'm
just going to put a halfof
everything in it.
She's like. why don't youjust
go all in?
I was like.what are you talking
about?
She's like. well. if you
feelthis
way. go all in. right?
-You really do only live once.
You only have one shot.
So like you might as well
dosomething fucking crazy
and memorable.
because if it's crazyand
memorable.
people remember that shit.
Because if you do stuff.the
boring. bullshit.
stupid ass waythat everyone
else does.
you're going to lose andyou're
not going to make much
and noone's going to care about
you.
- It felt risky.
I bought about2.300 shares of
GameStop.
At $17 averageis about 45
grand.
- The stock was about $6to $8.
I believe.when I first bought
in.
Ballpark. it wasaround $30.000.
- I started investinglast year
with $40.000
and ended up putting itall in
on GameStop.
- 88.000 sharesat November 2020
at $13.
I mean. you cando the math
yourself.
I think that was close tolike
$1.1 million.
So yeah. I was one ofthe first
whales in GameStop.
MATT KELLY:I post my YOLO
to WallStreetBets.Man. did I
get--
I mean. it was all like.you're
a fucking idiot.
The fuck is wrongwith you?
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
MAN (ON TV): --analysts
in searchof asymmetric upside.
If it isn't clear.I'm not
betting that GameStop
is going to stage the
most epic turnaroundof all
time.
ALVAN CHOW: I was excitedwhen I
first got the idea.
After that. I was kindof
annoyed [LAUGHS]
for quite a while because it
didn't happen the wayI expected
it to.
[SIGH]
[LAUGHS]
- Oh. then historyin the
making.
There was a lot of hypeleading
up
to their earnings reportand
whether Ryan
Cohen was goingto make a move
or not.
[MUSIC-"THE FINAL COUNTDOWN"]
MAN: Greetings. and welcometo
the GameStop
third quarter2020 earnings
call.
SIR JACKALOT: I rememberbeing
the cocky asshole.
literally playing"The Final
Countdown."
the song. making sure I was
physically readyfor an earnings
report.
MAN: The call will
includeforward-looking
statements.
which are subject to
variousrisks and uncertainties
that couldcause actual results
to differ materiallyfrom
expectations.
- You know. you havelegendary
investors.
like Michael Burryand Bill
Gross--
- God.
--watching the earnings call.
MAN: We continue toreduce
expenses.
delivering over $315 millionin
its expense reductions
so far this year.
And weare pleased to end the
quarter
with almost $300 millionmore in
cash
and restricted cashcompared to
the end of
the prior year third quarter.
SIR JACKALOT:And GameStop.
it was shooting up.I was like.
this is it.
This is the squeeze.This is
finally happening.
I was. like.literally jumping
up and down.
MAN: To summarizethe third
quarter.
we believe the pandemic.and
importantly the--
SIR JACKALOT: And a coupleof
months afterwards.
it just starts tanking.
I was like. oh. no.Oh. no.
What's this mean?
MAN: We have closedalmost 800
stores worldwide
since the beginning of 2019--
- And it started tankingeven
more.
And I was like. oh. fuck.
MAN: --in an adjusted lossof
$0.53 per share.
SIR JACKALOT:It crashed like--
I don't know--15% to 20%
instantly.
I was like. whoa. I just
lostsome serious money.
ALVAN CHOW: They didn't
eventake a Q&A session.
George Sherman.kind of a
boomer.
Just read off his script.
If they haddone anything.
[LAUGHS]I think it would be
better.
MATT KELLY:I'm buying Christmas
presents
and stuff for the kids.
And I'm kind ofgritting my
teeth.
And at the same time.I'm having
to
instill confidencein my wife.
that like this isgoing to work
out.
I'm not going to sellfor a
loss.
Stocks only goup. right?
- That's where I gota little
cold feet.
Got some paper hands.
I sold my sharesprobably
December. mid-
December. 88.000 GameStopshares
at $15.
Yeah. I was off by a month.
[CHRISTMAS MUSIC]
Welcome. boys and girls.
to a Sir JackalotChristmas
carol.
Gather around.my fellow
degenerates.
Grab a mug ofeggnog
and find a cozy cornerof your
mother's basement.
and enjoy this taleof Sir
Jackalot.
This post here is
"My Magnum Dong Opus."
Now listen. "my convictionfor
the GameStop
mother of all short squeezes."
The MOASS. it was insane.
I had over a million
dollarsinvested in this.
That's all my net worth.
But that 20%earnings drop. oh.
man.
Oh. man. It hurt.
It really hurton a spiritual
level.
It gave me Taco Belllevels of
stomach cramps.
I felt like I neededto cool
down.
You know. it was goingthrough
the holidays.
There was a Britishvirus
mutation on the way.
You got hedge funds
manipulating stuff to gettheir
holiday bonuses.
This all feltkind of dangerous.
So yes. I ended upselling all
my
GameStop shares at $15.50.
Yes. I had a caseof paper
hands. I admit it.
I was wallowing back and forth
in fetal position all day.Good
fucking riddance. 2020.
Let's all hope2021 will be
better. right?
[PROTESTING]
- USA. USA. USA. USA. USA.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
WOMAN: I think that
usMillennials realize
that we were sold a
narrativethat wasn't ours.
You know. they spoon-fedit to
us.
Go to college.
Work. Do this.You'll have a
great life.
You just put our assesin a debt
system.
then wonderwhy we're not happy.
At 11. we had Columbine.Then we
had September 11th.
Then we had like.what. Virginia
Tech?
Then the stockmarket crash. the
bubble.
We can't get jobs.A pandemic.
Black Lives Matterwas
happening. too.
and everyone'schecking in on
me.
Are you OK? Are you OK?Are you
OK?
And I'm like. are you OK?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Like. this isn't new.It's new
for you.
Then with the gaslightingfrom
the last president
[LAUGHS]to the election.
It's been like 99 lifetimesin a
year.
I just think that we're
soldthese narratives about.
like.
things that justaren't real.
CHRIS GARCIA:The other big
thing. too.
was about this time.my fiance
was pregnant.
So that was oneof those things
where it
was like. oh. man.this
investing thing.
I got to be smart about it
because nowI got a baby coming.
So this could
be money to setaside for
formula
or just doing the baby's
room.doing the floor to the
house--
all these smallthings you hear
of. right?
A baby is goingto change your
life.
You need all this moneyfor
stuff.
And I had no idea.
I mean. I had a dog.
KIRSTEN: When COVID did hit.
my dad's bar and restauranthad
to be shut down.
It was kind of scarybecause we
had no
idea how longthis was going to
last.
That's when I startedworking at
a grocery store.
I was buying stocks duringthe
lunch break.
I was like preparingfor the
absolute worst.
And I was ableto help them out
and obviously just belike
financially
stable on my ownat this point.
but I was down to $490in my
account.
And I was like. shit.[LAUGHS]
I might notbe good at this.
MATT KELLY: The money. to
me.isn't an end all. be all.
What money means to me is
itmeans escaping the rat race.
It meansspending time with my
kids.
I can not havethis constant
anxiety
that I'm going to fail.
that if I start to have
moreproblems with my brain.
where I can't work.that my kids
will be OK.
that we'll have somethingto
fall back on.
REPORTER: Let's talk
aboutanother company. Jim.
and that's GameStop.Is it too
late for GameStop?
JIM CRAMER:I hate these guys.
I've hated themfor a long time.
Can GameStop fail?I think it
can.
I think it canfall that much.
and I wouldn't be around there
trying to makesome money with
it.
MATT KELLY:I'm really starting
to doubt myself.I'm really
starting to doubt
what I believedwas going to
happen.
and theprice is falling.
- In the middle of January.my
$30.000 investment
had dropped downto around
$5.000.
It went down a lot.
likebasically to $0.
- There are a lot of people
that are very bullishon this
stock.
and the idea is thatit's a
turnaround play.
- There are a lot of peoplethat
were bullish
about the housing marketin
2006. 2007.
There were a lot of peoplethat
were bullish about.
you know. tulips backin the
1600s.
I mean. just because--
ALVAN CHOW: I thought I wasjust
going to lose it all
and just have to start overand
keep [LAUGHS]
working at my company
forlonger.
because I had been
prolongingsome credit card
debt.
and such. to play this.In fact.
I thought this was
never going to happen.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
ANDREW LEFT:We are always told
there's
only two things that arefor
certain. death and taxes.
There are actuallythree things
that are for certain--death.
taxes. and innovation.
and that's a good thing.When
you do innovate.
there's someonewho has a
business
who's being disrupted out.
Case in point.
Netflix.Everybody remembers
when Netflix usedto send disks
in the mail.
Netflix quickly realized.
and probably made one ofthe
greatest pivots
in corporate history
and became this
wonderfulstreaming service.
Then when they becamethe
streaming service.
who suffered from it?
Blockbuster Video.They didn't
do that.
Blockbuster Videocould have
also done
what Netflix has done. And
nowthey're out of business.
So if you were
shortingBlockbuster Video.
doesn't mean you'rea bad person
or you
hated on Blockbuster.but you
understood innovation.
If every corporate CEO
right nowknew that they could
do
nothing and their stockwould go
a lot higher.
they could sell it.
they wouldn't do
anything.right?
Most Wall Street researchwas
tied to companies
that someone hada vested
interest
in making relationships.
We're not Citibank.We're not
Goldman Sachs.
You don't have to play nice.
In 2008.where was the research
to
tell us stocks can go lower?
Wall Street doesn'tput out that
research.
Short sellers do.activist short
sellers.
DIRECTOR:Talk about--
- Hold on.Am I this boring to
you?
I'd just love to know
whatyou're doing on your phone.
- I'm just sending a text.-
Really?
I'd just love to knowwho you're
texting.
I'd just love to knowif I'm
this boring to you.
- You're not boring.I'm
listening.
- Fucking guy flies infrom New
York.
I'm this boring to you.
- Dad.- OK. I'm just asking.
This should be a documentary.
A documentary really would
be.how I could be--
- Oh. he's the Citron guy.
DIRECTOR: Yeah.
- Oh. yeah. yeah.I know exactly
who he is.
Shitron. we call it.
The whole point of thatcompany
is to make money
shorting stocks.
They'll short a stock. thenput
out a hit piece on it.
hoping that the stock tanks
and they wereable to make money
that way.
- Go to the mall today.
Walk into Banana Republic.Walk
into Gap.
REPORTER: What's yourprice
target. by the way?
- You could swing an
umbrellaand not hit anyone.
I don't think investors
actually knowwhat they're
buying.
- Whatever. Peloton.[SNORTS]
- Is thatyour entire business?
You are a short seller.
That's all you do?You bet
against something?
- So I look to make moneyin the
stock markets.
you know. any which way I
can.My specialty is short
selling.
Next thing I know this yearI
put myself pretty much
in the middle of the
wholeGameStop phenomenon.
unknowingly.So it is what it
is.
- Andrew Left of Citron
wanted to do a littleresearch
video on GameStop.
- Hey. this is AndrewLeft at
Citron Research.
giving you five reasonswhy
GameStop is going to $20.
- And so I was very curiousto
watch it.
I wanted to learnhow I was
wrong.
I was always lookingfor
information to
prove my thesis wrongso that I
could exit a trade.
- Numbers don't lie.People lie.
I know. everyone on
Twitternever has a losing
trade.
Everyone on Reddit is amarket
genius.
I hear it all the time.
- He went through all ofhis
talking points.
which were kind of bullshit.
- Your first question you
haveto ask yourself is.
why is therehigh short
interest?
This is a failing
mall-basedretailer.
Their current businessis just
drowning.
You cannot argue.
- And I've never seenany
reaction like that.
All of a sudden. we're
buyingGameStop because Andrew
Left
posted this.
- You can get mad.You can hack
my account.
You can go to Twitter.You can
sign on.
You can call me everyname.
If you want to savethe company.
take your energy.
go out there.and actually buy
something
from GameStop.
- Andrew Leftof Citron
Research.
Reactions. desk?
- [HUMMING "WOLF OF WALL
STREET" MONEY CHANT]
[MUSIC - "WOLF OF WALL STREET"
MONEY CHANT]
A day after Left postedthat
video.
GameStop went from $43to $65 a
share.
[MUSIC CONTINUNG]
In addition to that.Ryan Cohen
joined the board.
REPORTER: Shares of
GameStopsoaring after
announcing
Chewy former CEO Ryan Cohen.
- Cheers to Ryan Cohen.This is
sick.
REPORTER:Stock. an unbelievable
jump.60% high today.
REPORTER:Citron and Andrew
Left.
those guys thinkit's going to
$20.
- Pretty obvious whatthe price
target
is right now. right?
I mean. it's almost
certainlygoing to $420.69.
right?
[LAUGHS] Kidding. Am I?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
MATT KELLY:This is where stuff
started
to shift for me. right?I'm not
sleeping at all.
I can't focuson anything else.
I'm compulsivelylooking at my
phone.
And I started buying intothe
whole diamond hands thing.
I think luck is whenpreparation
meets opportunity.
and this was an opportunity.
Monday morning rolls aroundand
my friend. Theo.
he messaged me like.hey. man.
I don't think GameStop isgoing
to do anything more.
I don't think anything'sgoing
to hire.
I'm just going to sell.I was
like. don't sell. dude.
You're an idiot.Like don't
sell.
What the hell is wrongwith you?
And he sold.
Literally. 10 minutes later.it
starts going.
REPORTER: Stock for GameStopis
up dramatically.
REPORTER: It's been
justswinging wildly.
ALVAN CHOW:The week of the
squeeze.
I was describing itto my
girlfriend
as like I'm in the NBA
Finalsright now.
I have to belike on all
cylinders.
Like when I have to execute
is probably the mostimportant
week of my life.
- I got my stimulus. [LAUGHS]
So I started throwingmy
stimulus in it.
and I'm feeling cute.you know.
Then I'mwatching the numbers
and it just keeps.and I'm like.
huh.
Maybe this is something.
REPORTER: GameStop is knownas
the world's
largest video game retailer.
REPORTER:The stock is now at
the center
of a Davidversus Goliath story.
Shares have soared.
driven by posts on theReddit
forum WallStreetBets.
MATT KELLY:My wife and I
are drivingto meet our realtor.
and GameStop is moving.
REPORTER:There are potentially
billions
of dollars of investor
dollarson the line here.
MATT KELLY: We're supposed tobe
looking at houses.
and I'm like.I can't look at--
I'm staring at my phone.She's
looking at--
she's like. oh this is nice.
I'm like staring.I'm like. oh.
that's great.
This is a great house.Let's
just get this one.
REPORTER: The company surgedas
much as 145% today.
REPORTER: But this increasewill
not last.
- It's just lunacy.
[CHEERING]
CHRIS GARCIA:This is the week.
right.
where I'm high and mighty.I
feel great.
I'm making what's
literallyalmost a year's worth
of salary in a month.
Everybody is. at this
point.just sell. Chris.
You got $23.000.You have
$24.000 in there.
But what if?
What if the charts are
right.this $24.000 turns into
$60.000. $70.000.$80.000.
$90.000.
You never know.
REPORTER:Hedge funds have lost
billions
by betting against the stock.
Some little guys standto make
millions.
- Fuck. [LAUGHS]
I missed it.The thesis was
right.
The group was right.The apes
are winning.
[ROARING]
REPORTER:Some breaking news
this morningon this GameStop
story.
Gabe Plotkin saying thatMelvin
Capital has been out.
closed out its position.
- The numbers and whathe's down
is dramatic.
So the questionwill become
there.
what is the futureof that firm?
Unclear.
STOCK EXPERT: Around 10:30or 11
o'clock in the morning.
it comes out that thisbig fund.
Melvin Capital.
is short the stock andfeeling
the pain.
and they are takingmassive
losses.
This really emboldensthe
WallStreetBets crowd.
They justtook down a hedge
fund.
- Once people did find outthat
Melvin
was probably one ofthe larger
short parties.
there was a lot of hate
towards Melvin Capital.a lot of
hate.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
MAN: Once people realizedMelvin
was losing money.
that Citron was losing
money.this suddenly became
a whole movement.
MAN: We can change the
biggesteconomy of the planet
and break Wall Street.
WOMAN: The number ofthe
community keeps growing.
It's like 4 million people.
The next day it's like5 million
people.
Next day. 6 million people.
And the news cyclestarts taking
over.
REPORTER: The online armyof
average investors
dealt a blow today
in their fight againstthe Wall
Street--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
REPORTER: Thousands. if
notmillions of them.
decided to buy up that
stockthat used to be cheap.
REPORTER: [SPEAKING SPANISH]
STOCK EXPERT:The media is
talking
about this WallStreetBets.The
forum is exploding.
Everybody wantsto get a piece
of
this thing.
CAMERON PERRI:The swings were
insane.
When it ran to the $150the
first time.
I watched my account runinto
the multimillion
period.
and then watchedit just
plummet.
And you cancall it paper hands.
but I sold a decent chunk.
KIRSTEN: I was alsolike kind of
unsure.
so I sold offabout half my
shares.
I remember. like.not sleeping
that entire week.
CAMERON PERRI:It was very. very
hard
to make decisionsat that point
in time.
STOCK EXPERT: You could seethe
risk in this name.
The stock wentfrom $10 to $150.
You know.then everyone thinks.
well.
it should go from $150
to $10.000. right?There is no
limit.
ALVAN CHOW: Who knowshow high
this could go?
If it goes to $1.000or $2.000.
You don't want to overreactor
try to steal
a ball
and risk a foulin the key
moments.
You want to beextremely
disciplined.
And everything that you
weretrained to do--
so I was training myself
to look for this momentof
euphoria.
And then rightbefore
after-hours.
Elon tweeted "Gamestonk!!"
REPORTER:The leader of this
revolution?
Many of these small guysare
pointing to Elon Musk.
MAN: The god. the king.the meme
master himself.
Elon Musk has tweeted
aboutGameStop and
WallStreetBets.
We are on his map.
[LAUNCH SOUNDS]
MAN: If you happento be on
social media
and you have a great reach.is
that not power?
Is that not influence?
- Diamond hands. baby.Diamond
hands.
Like. to the moon. boys.To the
moon. GameStop at $420.
It did hit $420.
Ladies and gentlemen. themagic
$420 has been achieved.
It has been
achieved.Congratulations.
You were here.
When-- oh. $420.69.Take a
screenshot.
Take a screenshot.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
SIR JACKALOT:The esteemed $420.
People were saying $1.000is not
a dream anymore.
$1.000 is not a meme.
It's been likethis fairy tale.
this myth.
The motherof all short
squeezes.
- Good evening.
newly-mintedReddit
millionaires.
I'm sure all of youare watching
this
from the marble bathtubson your
hovercraft.
- I didn't think I was oneto
get swept up
by the greed and the ego.but I
was.
Anyone who can stomach
$10 million swings in
theirportfolio is sort of
crazy.
- Has everybody been
followingthis crazy GameStop--
- GameStop.
- GameStop is a storeat a mall.
It's between the Claire'sand
the Orange Julius.
KIRSTEN: My parents hadcalled
me and asked me
if I was in GameStopand how
this was affecting me.
And I was like.
yeah. I'm making a shitton of
money this week.
That's what's happeningwith
GameStop.
I had made so much
money. I told my dad.let's go
to Florida.
- I'm seeing $200.000.$300.000
in my Roth IRA.
$300.000in my TD Ameritrade
account.
Like OK. we're taking
this money and buying cryptoand
buying--
you I started investingin wine
and stuff. [LAUGHS]
- You know. you're messingwith
your boys.
Hey. man. what color Ferrariswe
getting?
Like da. da. da.Because
I'm like.I'm not selling this.
I'm like. I want$15.000 a
share.
- Surprise. [LAUGHS]
GameStop's up about 5X
from when I uploadedthose
videos over the summer.
so that'sgreat to see.
When you have a thesisand. by
and large.
it unfolds as you hopedthat it
could. that's nice.
So it shouldn't
be taken for granted.It doesn't
always happen.
So just to clear upsome
potential misconceptions.
this was a true YOLO for me.
When I was buildingthis
position
last year. we had nowhereclose
to a million dollars.
I certainly do notdrive a
Lambo.
We rent this housethat you see.
So it's been a wild ridefor us
as a family.
And it has been just so muchfun
to experience
that with you overthe past
couple of months.
I hope you hadsome fun as well.
And yeah. that's all.Again.
thank you to everybody.
I hope you've had a fun time.
and I'll seeyou around.
- All right.
DIRECTOR:All right. can you
see?
- I can see.It's kind of
freaky.
I figured you guyswould like
the mushroom.
[LAUGHS]
This is a companyI invested
in--
well. notthe sweatshirt
company.
I was the first investorin
psychedelics.
Andit's a billion
and a half dollarcompany today.
maybe $2 billion.I don't
remember.
So gold. right.which is kind of
3.000 years old.
It's worth came from the
gods.The Aztecs.
the Incas. the Egyptian.all
that had value.
The total amount of goldon
earth today.
that's the total amount
that'sever been mined in
history.
could fit in a cube55 feet
across.
So think about it.
It could almost fitin this
room. right?
That's it.That's all the gold.
You could put itin Central
Park.
And people would be like.
that's all the gold in theworld
ever.
It's worth $10 trillion.
Now. how in the hellis that
worth $10 trillion?
It's a sculpture. I bought
aLeBron James rookie card
for a million dollars.It's now
worth $5 million.
My mom thought I was insane.
A million dollarson a
basketball card?
Frickin' Pokemon cards.
If you had aCharizard.
it's worth like $600.000.It's a
social construct.
It's got value becausewe say it
has value.
That's it.
So you look at someonelike Elon
Musk.
He's createda cult around him.
a religion around him.
And people. youcan't speak
sense to them.
They have their own model.
even if the modeldoesn't make
any sense.
They're goingto buy Elon stuff.
The thing withthe GameStop
story.
we had a bunch of young kidswho
were really savvy
who figured out. hm.
this stock's tradingfor very
little.
There's a lotof short interest.
We can buy optionsand drive it
up and squeeze
out the shorts.
Once it started going.it became
a social phenomenon.
It became an F-uto the system.
Like therewas a nihilism to it.
Some guys were
literallytweeting things like.
I don't care.I'm YOLO-ing my
life savings.
And almost like a badge
of honor that they wouldlose
their money.
I mean. there was a
craziness.It can't last.
It's not the way the
worldworks.
There's not a goodenough story.
not a good enough mytharound
GameStop
that it will be a
long-term.sustainable game.
And the original guys
probablysold and made a lot of
money.
What was so scary to me.
thebulk of the people
that are participating in
thisrevolution aren't
investors.
They're along for the ride
and they'relistening to their
friend.
In all likelihood.it will end
ugly.
MATT KELLY:I talked with my
wife
about like there's a
reallystrong feeling
that this can goto $1.000 a
share.
This whole thing.
we can go to $1.000 a share
and we'd havelike over $2
million.
$1 million doesn't seemenough
for me
anymore. right?
The psychological impactthat
this amount of money has.
you see moneyin a different
way.
So I hold. I set my
limit sellon all my accounts to
$800.
Wednesday nightis the first
night
I went to sleep inlike fucking
weeks.
I don't think
much is going to happenon
Thursday.
Fucking I was wrong.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
WOMAN: So I'm at the
gym.naturally-- all my stories.
And this is beforethe 9:30
market opens.
This is a Thursday.
And my portfolio is set.
It's cute.So I'm looking at it.
and every single numberis
popping. popping. popping.
And Isee GameStop hit--
I think it was like $467.$497.
something like that.
I'm going in there.
I'm like. oh. maybe I'llbuy one
more AMC.
It's like. I'm sorry.
You already have a
certainamount. You can't buy
more.
And all of asudden you see a
doom.
And I'm just like.what the
fuck?
- We're seeing reportsthat
Robinhood
is restricting purchasesof some
of these stocks.
including GameStop andAMC.
CHRIS GARCIA:I wake up that
morning. right?
One of my buddies hits me
up.and he goes. hey. man.
You can't buy.I'm like.
what do you meanyou can't buy?
He goes. go on to Robinhood.
- Kelly. Robinhoodstopped
trading.
Robinhood stopped trading.You
need to sell.
You need to take profits.
REPORTER:Robinhood and other
online
brokerages blocked usersfrom
buying shares of GameStop
and other shortedstocks.
- That morning. I woke up
tolike minus $10.000 or
$15.000.
And I was like. yeah. this
isthe toughest hit I've
ever had.
REPORTER: These sitessuddenly
allowed users
only to sell their
positions.not to get new ones.
REPORTER:Robinhood put out a
statement.
quote. "in lightof recent
volatility.
we are restrictingtransactions
for certain
securitiesto position closing
only."
which meansyou can only sell
it.
- If you can only sell stocks.
then those stocksonly go down.
MATT KELLY: I go to work.And
I'm standing there.
I'm givinga presentation.
right?
I'm on a Zoom meetingwith 100
people.
And the price drops to about120
bucks a share.
I'm like in the middleof a
word.
And I look downand I see that
and I just went--I just freeze.
I stopped.I'm sick to my
stomach.
I don't knowwhat the fuck I'm
doing.
Like why?
A million dollarsis a million
dollars.
Like what is wrong with me?
REPORTER:After surging
yesterday.
the stock dropped 44%.
- Then it immediatelypops back
up.
REPORTER: It hit an
intradayhigh of $469.
- But the next thing you
know.it's tumbling down.
You couldn't stop itfast
enough.
You're watching it and it's
bylike the minute.
You're like. oh. my--dude. I
was like. oh.
REPORTER: The stock droppeda
whopping 44%.
- It was soincredibly
stressful.
REPORTER: Janet Yellen.Treasury
Secretary.
The SEC saidthey are watching.
- [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
- Dude. what the--- There it
is.
and it is nowstarting to fall.
- I have never seen
anythinglike this
in my three weeksof investing.
REPORTER: And GameStopgoes down
44% today
at the closing bell.
It shot back up duringafter
hours trading.
The pricenow stands at $312 per
share.
[POUNDING]
- Oh. my lord.
It was World War IIIat my home.
My fiance was like.what is
going on?
I am screaming.
I'm literally
on the vergeof breaking stuff.
I'm about to drive to MenloPark
with big red paint
and just be like
"cheaters"right on their front
door.
Like. you guys arescrewing us
all over.
Like. Robinhoodis you take from
the
rich and give to the poor.
Now Robinhood's changingthe
rules of the game
so that they don't lose.
- The market will takecare of
this.
The market will show
thatGameStop is not a $500
stock
or a $1.000 stock.
It's a $5 stock.
- You'd see a slewof negative
articles
or an analyst downgrade.
- Last week wasn'ta free
market.
It was a free for all market.
- I think there is
somethingobviously wrong.
and it's the gamificationof
Wall Street.
- Jim Cramer.that dude from
CNBC.
he's like. you guys won.You
guys won. Take the money.
JIM CRAMER:Take the home run.
Don't go for the grand
slam.Take the home run.
You've already won.
- You're putting a
restrictionon a stock.
and it's causing that stockto
lose value.
And I can't do anything
aboutit.
Not only that.but the only
thing to save it
is to buy more stockto make
it--
to drive the pricethe other
way.
I can't do that.
- If they hadn't cutthe supply
of shares off
when they did.
the stock would have goneinto
the thousands.
multiple thousands.As you can
imagine.
that pisseda lot of people off.
- There's going to bea big fuck
you
that you can't stop this.
It's coming.They want 1.000%
worse.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
- If you're interestedin
pursuing
a lawsuit against Robinhood.TD
Ameritrade.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
I didn't hear one personon TV
complaining
about Wall Street tryingto
crush GameStop.
140% short.
MATT KELLY: My wife's like.
we should just sell beforeclose
of business on Friday.
We can always buy back inif it
drops.
The price is good right
now.It's still in the $300s.
We're still making outlike
insane.
more than we ever dreamed.
more than we ever imagined.
And I'm like. no. fuck them.I'm
holding my shares.
This is bullshit.They can't do
this shit.
They can't rig the game.
They can't change the gamein
the middle of it.
Like. are you kidding me?This
is insane.
I'm stubborn. right?
Because now it triggeredthis
other thing in me.
It's not about money anymore.
It's not just aboutthe money
anymore.
It's about therevolutionary
part of it.
the sticking it to the mantype
of idea. right?
This is about thetime when Wall
Street
starts postingall these
billboards
up in fucking New York.like
"GME Go Brrr."
things like this.
And I am diamond-handingthe
fuck out of this.
That's my mentality.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The writing was on the wallthat
the rich and powerful
will do whatever they couldto
prevent this from
happening.I'm not taking less
than $450.
KIRSTEN:So I wasn't taking any
losses.
I was going to hold any
stockfor as long as I could.
CHRIS GARCIA:We're not going
anywhere.
you know what I'm saying?We're
not going.
MATT KELLY:7. 8 million more
people
were joining the subreddit.
Psychologically.I'm jacked to
the tits.
CHRIS GARCIA:Millions of people
in that thread. man.we were
diamond hands.
And unfortunately. you know.it
was one of those
situations that whenthe stock
went down.
it kind of stayed down. right?
And literally.it was getting
so caught up in it
and then getting so stuck
inthat diamond hands mentality.
like don't sell anything.And
that's really
what was essentially almostlike
the beginning of the end.
I guess you could say -
[SHUFFLING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
MATT KELLY:It was a Tuesday.
And I'm just watchingthe price.
and it's kind of justslowly
trickling downwards.
I'm holding.
but I'm startingto feel
nervous.
I'm starting to feelthis
anxiety.
I'm reading
WallStreetBetsreligiously.
I'm seeingall of these posts
about.
like. it's going to crash.you
know. all of these things.
And so it's gettingin my head.
The psychology
is really fucking with me.
That's whereWallStreetBets is
at.
So the sentiment has changed.
Now there's 8 millionpeople on
there.
and all this shit's
happening.And I'm like.
all right.is that the sentiment
now?
Is our people just thinkingthat
this is done?
It's over?
I felt like I fell into a
cult. right?That's what I felt
in my head.
All this stuff. I felt likeI
got this cult mentality.
It's like you've gotto be
careful
about confirmation bias.You've
got to be carefulabout these
things.
And I had beenpreaching that
for years.
I'm like. how did this happen
to me?That's what I felt in my
head.
I felt likeI had been lied to.
I felt like I bought
intosomething that wasn't true.
CHRIS GARCIA: Once we
startedlosing money. dude.
the margin calls werecoming in
almost daily.
And for a while.it was daily.
It was like. hey. you owe
us.like. $2.000.
Like. you need to clearthis up
now. Shit.
Let me sell x amount of stockof
this. right?
Because before all this.I was
just using my cash.
So granted. as soonas they
turned on margin.
I paid the 5
bucks a monthfor the Robinhood
gold.
Seriously.once I got to there.
it was like. oh my god.
dude.Like. they're
going to give me an extra.like.
8 grand
right now to play with?
I lost thousands uponthousands
over those next few days.and
that was like. whoa.
OK. well. there goes
Gigi'scrib.
There goes the carwe had
planned.
All right. like.those thoughts
are gone.
OK. don't worry about it.It
went
from. oh. I'm going to makeso
much money on this
to I got cheated out.I got
cheated.
- A lot of angry customersout
there
and a lot of questionsabout
what took place
and the decisions that youmade.
- Some of your customers.Vlad.
are enraged.
I mean. they say you're
sidingwith Wall Street.
that this is a crime.
CHRIS GARCIA:It felt dirty.
It felt un-American.
- I don't want to getdeep with
it.
but it feels very American.
- OK. Vlad. you knoweverybody
here
that's watching ushates your
guts. right?
- We were sold a narrativethat
isn't real.
Like here's a history bookthat
is not the truth.
So you're telling us. oh.
we want you to investin a free
market.
That's a fucking lie. too.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[CHEERING]
MIKE HAUPT: There's alwaysbeen
wealth inequality
in this country.but here is our
moment.
This is our momentthat we came
into the public spotlight.The
retail investor
has finally demonstratedtheir
strength.
We've got enough peopleinvolved
in the market
to be ableto make a huge play.
and for it to slapthat hard was
huge.
And then it gottaken away from
us.
And I felt cheatedon behalf of
my community.
My name is Mike Haupt.I'm from
Tampa. Florida.
And I make memeson
WallStreetBets.
I make GIF memes.
all kinds of memes.
It's like the Dr. Seuss
thing.I've made memes in the
train.
I've made memes in my car.
I just did one
from the showfrom HBO
"Chernobyl."
Where I mean. it's messed up.
but the guy that was suffering
from theradiation poisoning.
he's. like.slowly
deteriorating.
I'm like. this isa person's
account.
This is a perfect analogy
for like the
averageWallStreetBets user's
account.
And I feel likethe transient
relationship
that my generation haswith
money is not our fault.
to stick up for mypeople a
little bit
in my communityand my
generation.
We were born into the
worldwhere we were encouraged
not to save.
where we were encouragedto
think short-term.
My credit card rewards
pointsgive me more money
than my savings account.What
does that tell you to do?
The economy is telling youto
spend your money as fast
as you get it.and that's what
we're doing.
REPORTER:Who do you think has
the power
right now in society?
- Who do I thinkhas the power
in society?
REPORTER: Yeah.
- The rich.
REPORTER: Why so?
MAN: They have so muchinfluence
over the laws.
the regulationsthat they impose
upon us.
PROTESTOR:We're giving
billions.
and almost a trillionto Wall
Street.
just for bailouts.Something
needs to change.
MIKE HAUPT: The rich
haveinsulated themselves
from the consequencesof the
economic system
that they've helpedproduce.
- There's no excusefor thinking
there's somethingfree in life.
You've got to go outand earn
it.
and that's whatAmerica has
always been.
REPORTER: Markets just
openedand the GameStop surge
appears to be over.with the
stock now down 60%.
well. as ofyesterday.
But it is morethan just
numbers.
It is people's lives.their
savings. their 401(k)s.
MATT KELLY: It drops to
about100 bucks on Tuesday
evening.
Oh. Jesus.
I start to get sickto my
stomach
and I start to kind of
panic.I'm having a panic
attack.
I was like. we need to getout
of this.
This is fucking insane.We're
losing all our money.
Like. what is going on?So
Wednesday morning.
it sold.
February 3rd. I think.
I sold all my sharesat 120
bucks a share.
I watched a million dollarsgo
down the drain.
a million dollars. and
that'swhat's going through my
head.
a million dollars.
This is my family's future.This
is my future.
This is time with my kids
that I could have boughtback.
I didn't feel likeI gained
$350.000.
I felt like I lost a million.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
REPORTER: The trading
frenzyaround GameStop
is the focuson Capitol Hill
today.
The House FinancialServices
Committee
will hold a virtual
meetingasking who wins and
loses
when short sellers.social
media.
and retail investorscollide.
REPORTER:In the hot seat.
Robinhood CEO Vlad
Tenev.Citadel CEO
Ken Griffin.Melvin Capital CEO
Gabe Plotkin. and
Roaring Kitty.the trader Keith
Gill.
REPORTER:No doubt lawmakers are
furious
and they want to havehearings
about this.
The problem is goingto most
likely
be that the systemis designed
terribly.
The system gets abused.And they
need to make changes.
- First of all. to me.
this was a whole dogand pony
show.
- First. Robinhood
Securitiesput the restrictions
in place
in an effort to meet
increasedregulatory deposit
requirements.not to help hedge
funds.
- You can read body
language.You can see the way
they're trying to weaselout of
something.
- I understand that partof the
focus of this hearing
is the decisionof stock trading
platforms
to limit tradingGameStop.
I want to make clearat the
outset
that Melvin Capitalplayed
absolutely no role
in those tradingplatform
decisions.
- They're not being honestand
truthful about this.
- I want to beperfectly clear.
Citadel Securities had no
rolein Robinhood's decision
to limit trading in GameStop.
- So Citadel is a
realconglomerate.
They have a hedge fund.They
have a broker.
And they have a marketmaker.
- Mr. Griffin.
why is this not
consideredmanipulating a stock
whenever you can shortsell to
140%?
Don't youthink there should be
a limit
on something like that?
KEN GRIFFIN:I'm not sure it's
worth us
delvinginto legislative
corrections
for a very unique situation.
in terms of the extremesize of
the short interest.
- Why is it that a stockcan be
shorted over 100%?
I don't even knowhow you're
allowed to do that.
CONGRESSMAN: Mr. Plotkin.
you made the commentin your
testimony a minute ago
that you were not tryingto
manipulate stock.
Yet if you're shortselling a
stock 140%.
explain to me why that'snot
manipulating the stock.
- Any time we short a stock.
our systems actually force usto
find a borrower.
So we alwaysshort stocks within
the context of all the rules.
- The fundamental reasonwhy
this happened
isn't because we wanteda
revolution
against hedge funds.It was
because there wasan opportunity
out there
to form a short squeezeon a
stock
and make some money off of it.
And until the rules changethat
you cannot short a stock
above 100% short interest.then
there's no reason why
there wouldn't beanother one of
these.
- I just want to getto what
happened
on that day in January.
So let's takea step back here.
That decision you made.
to restrict the buying
but not the sellingof GameStop.
was based--
was it based on pressurefrom
anyone
on the witness panelhere today?
VLAD TENEV:Not at all.
Zero pressure from anyone.It
was a collateral depository
requirement decision madeby a
Robinhood
securities president.
- Rather than sayingthat
Robinhood was nefarious
or had an evilintention here.
it was colluding with
somebodyelse.
they were probably negligentin
their capital
and risk controls.
- The decision to
restrictGameStop and other
securities
was driven purely by depositand
collateral
requirementsimposed by our
clearinghouses.
- Well. when it comes to it.
they just literallyran out of
money.
[LAUGHS]
If they knew that up front.you
know.
be transparent.
MAN:The irony of this entire
thing
is that Robinhoodprovided a
platform
for all these investorsto pour
into
the market.
and they added hundredsof
thousands of new accounts.
People wanted to attackWall
Street.
and thereality of the situation
is they broke Robin Hood.
Mr. Tenev. you took
from your customers in orderto
minimize the $3 billion
from being largerthan it
probably
would have been
because you wantedto protect
your position.
and that is very troubling.
- They had to sacrificesomebody
in order
to resolve this.
and they sacrificed the
peoplethat wanted to diamond
hands their GameStop.
And a lot of peoplelost a lot
of money.
ANDY BARR:So if anyone has a
problem
with your decisionto halt
trades.
it's fair to say thattheir
frustration should be
directed towardfederal
regulation.
VLAD TENEV:Congressman. you
know.
I'm not trying to throwanyone
under the bus
in direct frustrationanywhere.
All I cansay is Robinhood's
security
played this by the booksand
played it basically
the only waythat we could
remain in
compliancewith our deposit
requirements.
ANDY BARR:Mr. Tenev. I
appreciate--
CHRIS GARCIA:Wall Street's got
it
to where they have every card
and they knowevery rule of the
game
to where we're going to
bend and bend those
ruleswithout breaking them.
And the problemis what they do.
us typical little guys will
never be ableto do that stuff.
right?
MAXINE WATERS:Mr. Gill.
you are now recognizedfor five
minutes
to presentyour oral testimony.
CHRIS GARCIA: And then
lookwhat's happening. right?
You got Roaring Kitty out
herewho's getting called in
front
of anOversight Committee.
Hey. you did bad.
You led a group of peopleto do
this.
KEITH GILL: Thank
you.Chairwoman Waters.
members of the Committee.
I'm happy to discusswith the
committee
my purchases ofGameStop shares
and my discussions of theirfair
value on social media.
I also believe the currentprice
of the shares
demonstrates that I've
beenright about the company.
A few things I am not.I'm not a
cat.
I am notan institutional
investor.
And I do notprovide
personalized
investment advice for feesor
commissions.
The idea that I use socialmedia
to promote GameStop
stock tounwitting investors
and influencethe market is
preposterous.
I'm just an individualwhose
investment in
GameStop and postson social
media
were based upon my ownresearch
and analysis.
I want to say that I
supportretail investors'
right to invest in whatthey
want when they want
and to send amessage
based on how they invest.
As for what happenedin January.
others will haveto explain it.
It's alarminghow little we know
about the inner workingsof the
market.
As for me. I like the stock.
(DISTORTED LOW VOICE)I like the
stock.
- Keith Gill. the legendthat he
is.
says he likes the stock.
[ROARING]
The next day. sure enough.
he fucking doubled downon his
position.
And I'm like. Jen.I'm going
back in.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(SINGING) 1. 2. 1. 2. 0. 2.1.
open. 3.
MATT KELLY:It was the end of
February.
I just told my jobI'm leaving.
We're goingand we're moving the
Texas.
We're buyinga new house.
And it shoots back up.
So literally. the same day.like
20 minutes before--
it starts going up from--
it starts going $40. $50.$60.
$70.
It goes up to like $180that
day.
I'm sitting therewatching the
ticker.
and I'm like.I need to do this
now.
I need tosell out.
because I was in other
stuff.And I was like.
I need to sell for a lossand
get back in right now.
And Ifucking do it.
And I'm holding 2.000
sharesagain of GameStop.
I'm not selling it for lessthan
what I think it's worth.
and whatI think it's worth is
way more
than what they wantto pay for
it.
So I'm holding fora million
dollars a share.
I'm holding for the MOASS.the
squeeze.
Nobody knowswhat it can go to.
This has neverhappened before.
and
it probably will neverhappen
again.
It could come now.
It could come infive years from
now.
It's turned into along-term
investment for me.
[EXPLOSION]
I'm hoping this is the
biggesttransfer of wealth
that's ever happenedin history.
(SINGING) 1. 2.
I'm still holding.[LAUGHS]
And then from there.it ran up
to $180.
It went up to $350.Back down to
$100.
Back. you know. because of
thefuckery that's happening
and the manipulationthat's
happening.
It's not followingany
tradition.
So in the lastthree months.
I've just been doing research.
learning abouthow the market
works.
how often are they doingthis?
And is GameStop specialin a way
that this is the first
timethey've ever done it?
Or is it specialin the way that
they've done this forever?So
people say.
oh. they haven't learnedfrom
the financial crisis.
They haven't learnedfrom 2008.
But they did learn.
They learned that there'sno
consequences
for their actions.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH][MUSIC
PLAYING]
ALVAN CHOW:When Elon tweeted
after-hours.
I remember texting my dad.
I was like. OK.this is the top
for sure.
So I soldeverything after he
did that.
So by the skin of my teeth.I
escaped that.
I mean. this $8 millionis kind
of like--
I'mlike just eating scraps
that are left overfrom a
massive battle.
I think I'm a really smallfish
in a very crazy event.
I'm just opportunistic.
- I put $40.000 in and
walkedaway with over $1.6
million.
My last day at workwas on
Friday.
- OK. so after a few weeks.I
was just like. fuck it.
And I cashed out and I
wentstraight into crypto.
So that's all Ido now is
crypto.
- I lost money.
DIRECTOR: Say more. Say more.
- Nothing. I lost money.
There's nothingmore to be said.
It's a stock. You lose moneyand
you move on. That's it.
I didn't lose a child.
I didn't lose a wife.I lost
money.
If you want to do thisfor a
living.
you're going to losemoney.
You want to be a Kung Fufighter
and not get hit?
Don't be a Kung Fu fighter.or
go play on video games.
- Did you know that you
canstart making passive income
just for holdingsome of your
favorite stocks?
I start trading and don't
knowhow to start?
I got you. You're not going
toget rich overnight doing this
and the market's
not alwaysgoing to be nice to
you.
When I started all of this.I'd
never even had any idea
that. one.it would really be an
income.
Now I can be aninfluencer
and be a fin influencer.
The finance influencers isthe
new term people call it.
And that's where we'reat now.
MAN: The whole premiseof
WallStreetBets
is to make money quickly
and do it in a waythat's not
healthy.
And whenyou do make all that
money.
you don't even know whatto
fucking do with all of it.
Honestly. that's why I
likeyou'll YOLO'd it away.
Because I wasn'treally happier.
I wasn't happier at all.
[FIREWORKS]
CHRIS GARCIA:The one thing
that I've noticedfrom the
people
that have gotten rich quickis
they're never here a year
afterwards. You know.they'll
make the news today.
They might do some fun stuff.
But if you don't learn how
tomanage your money
or learn how to manage
wealth.you won't keep that
wealth.
Be Warren Buffett. dude.Make
your money in your 60s.
Who cares?Like age isn't a
thing.
and enjoy the 20years
it'll take you to becomean
overnight success
because when you'rean overnight
success.
what happensafter that?
- Mmm. This might soundreally.
really crazy.
but what I've donewith my
portfolio
in crypto these past
fivemonths.
I know I'm set for life.I just
have to hold. Dead ass.
SIR JACKALOT:Who says a stock
price
has to be calculatedbased off
cash flow?
I mean. it's just what
peopleare willing to pay
for it.
And again. what's morallyor
ethically wrong with that?
That's just the game.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(SINGING)
There once was a stockthat put
to sea.
The name of the stock was GME.
The price blew up and theshorts
dipped down.
Hold my bully boys. hold.
[GRUNTS]
Soon may the Tendieman
come to send a rocketinto the
sun.
One day whenthe trading is
done.
we'll take ourgains and go.
She had not beentwo weeks from
shore
when Ryan Cohenjoined the
board.
The captain called "allhands"
and swore he'd takehis shares
and hold.
[GRUNTS]
Soon may the Tendieman
come to send a rocketinto the
sun.
One day whenthe trading is
done.
we'll take ourgains and go.
Before the newshad hit the
market.
WallStreetBets came upand
bought it.
With diamond hands
they knew they'd profit.if they
could only hold.
[GRUNTS]
- Is there anything in
therethat could get me
canceled?
DIRECTOR: Huh?
- Is there anything in
therethat could get me canceled
or fired from my job?
[MUSIC PLAYING]